Note: This activity is very similar to the work you will be doing for
homework! So, pay attention :)

1. Try out the HTML in your browser. See how you can smoothly click
around?

2. Inspect these 3 HTML pages. Discuss with the student next to you what
you see in the HTML code. Observe the things that overlap, and the
things that change between the three pages.

3. Your goal is to combine the parts that overlap into one or more files
"template" files, and the parts that are different into "content" files.

4. Discuss with the student next to you a strategy on how you might
extricate the HTML code that is in common between all the files and a
strategy to store them in different files.

5. Start splitting up the files according to the strategy you have
devised.

5. Like a Bob Ross painting, lets start by painting in broad strokes!
That's "pseudocode". Create a brand new Python file and, in "psuedocode"
comments, describe how you might write code that re-combines the pages
into a single page.

6. Start filling in the psuedocode. Your first goal is to write a Python
script that will re-combine a single HTML file.  For now, don't worry
about page titles, or the "active" class on links.

7. Finish your Python script to work with all three pages.

8. Prove that it works: Change the <style> tag for all pages with a
single change.




Bonus challenge:
See if you can modify the script to respect page titles, and "active"
classes on links. This can be challenging! Experiment with the following
code to get a clue:

from string import Template
some_string = 'Hi ${name}, how are you?'
template = Template(some_string)
print(template.safe_substitute(name='Ash Ketchum'))

If done correctly, you can write it so there is only a single HTML
template file, instead of a top and bottom.




Advanced Challenge:
Experiment with the following code, and see if you can write code to
generate 100 pages, each that use the Bob Ross formatting, but just
display a single number in <h1></h1> tags.

for x in range(100):
    print(x)

Can you get them to each link to the next page, from page 1 to page 100?
